Hello and welcome to Policy Ek, Policy Ek is the
most trusted insurance advisor. Today we will
give you complete details of ICICI Prudential iProtect Smart Plan.
ICICI Prudential iProtect
Smart Term Plan provides you strong
protection. If you are diagnosed with any of the
34 critical illnesses,
you will receive a claim.
It also guarantees protection for your family
in your absence and allows
you to pay premiums comfortably,
with tax benefits.
ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Plan
comes with many useful features
and benefits. These are all designed to provide
maximum financial protection to the insured's family
after their demise. Before proceeding further in the video, a gentle
reminder: If you are looking to take any health or derm
plan, you
can click on the link given in the description box.
Eligibility for ICICI Pru iProtect Smart Term Plan is entry age
minimum 18 years and maximum 18 years.  65 years Minimum Sum
Insured subject to the minimum
premium Maximum Unlimited Policy Term
5 to 99 years Premium Payment Options
Single Premium Regular Premium Limited Premium
Premium Payment Mode Single
Yearly Half Yearly and Monthly The
first benefit of ICICI Pro iProtect Smart Plan is
death benefit.
You will get four types of death benefit payout options in this plan.
Customers can choose any of these
as per their requirement to provide
coverage amount for their family.
First is Lump Sum
Payment. In this, the nominee
gets the entire coverage amount in one go after death.
Second is Regular Income. In this, the
nominee gets regular income every month.
Third is Increasing Income.
In this, the benefit amount will keep increasing every year.
Fourth is Lum Sum Plus Income. In this, the beneficiary
gets the benefits of both lump sum and fixed regular incomes. Sum in short term and
long term cover. Under this benefit,
customers  They get coverage till the age of 85 years
and also get the option of whole life cover till the age of 99 years.
ICICI
iProtect Smart Plan
also comes with some useful optional benefits such
as Accidental Death Benefit and Critical
Illness Benefit. These riders allow the policyholder to avail
enhanced coverage by paying a minimal premium.
ICICI Pro iProtect Smart
Plan has two more benefits that provide enhanced
coverage. First, the
Premium Waiver Benefit means that if the
policyholder becomes disabled due to an accident,
his future premiums will be waived.
The company pays the premium after that so that the cover remains in place for the
entire policy term. Second, the
Terminal Illness Benefit provides complete coverage even if the insured develops a
terminal illness such as AIDS. There are
four coverage options available in ICICI Pro iProtect Smart Plan,
which are designed keeping
in mind different needs.
First, the Life Option: This
option covers the insured's death or any
underlying illness.  In this case, the
beneficiary receives the entire sum insured amount.
If the insured becomes disabled due to an accident,
future premiums are waived, eliminating
any
financial burden on the insured. The second option is the
Life Plus option. It includes all the benefits of the Life Option. It
also includes the Accidental Death Benefit,
which
is applicable in case of death due to an accident. The policy
terminates after claiming these benefits. The third is the
Life Plus Health option. Along with the benefits of the Life Option,
it also covers critical illnesses.
On diagnosis of any listed critical illness, the company pays the entire sum
insured amount
chosen for the critical illness benefit,
without considering the actual cost of treatment. The
fourth option is the All-in-One
Option. This option covers death benefits in case of terminal illness or
disability due to an accident.
This option also covers
accidental death benefits and  Critical
illness benefits are also included. These
options provide flexible and comprehensive
coverage that can be customized
according to individual needs and circumstances.
Exclusions of ICICI Pro iProtect Smart Plan are:
Pre-
existing
illness, Insistence, Consumption of drugs, Alcohol,
Participating in a criminal act with
criminal intent, Injury happening due to
war Policy Ex. ICICI keeps
making videos on term plans. If you
want a video on any other plan, you
can definitely tell us by commenting and we will
make a video on that. If you liked this video, then
like us and do
n't forget to subscribe till then. Bye Bye
and Take Care